we're here at Le and Le's booth at
computex 2024 where they have a bunch of
RGB loads more RGB and my favorite case
here has none and also it's kind of
cheap thanks to lean Lee for sponsoring
this video and this thing is freaking
incredible just while you look at this
think about how much you would imagine
that it costs given that there's Walnut
all around right here and
270 mm fans now what's really fun about
these is if you look up at the top and
press button
Boop they can reverse directions just
like that now this isn't so that it just
blows air on my face even though that is
really quite a nice feature but it's so
that they can get the dust off the back
of the impellers so you've probably seen
this before where as your fan gets dirty
all of the Dust builds up right back
here along the edge and by just simply
pressing this button here once it starts
back up oh come on dude oh I might have
done it the wrong way there we go but by
doing that it can get rid of the dust
that's back there and your fans can look
very nice and clean what's also really
cool is that they did a whole bunch of
testing to find out that the best spot
to put your dust filters is actually on
the back of the fans going back to the
whole the dust builds up at the back of
your fan thing these right here are
super easy to remove so you can just
come in here rip it out and there you go
of course this being a case made in 2024
it has back to front support all the
connectors are are nice back here and
also if you have an eatx motherboard it
will fit in here as well but the thing
that I like the most about the 217 is
its price this right here with 2 170 mm
fans and a 140 in the back is just
$119 I was really surprised that it came
in that low with that much stuff on it
and especially like you're normally
paying such a large tax for walnot on a
case it's really nice to see something
that's just nice and classy for not too
too much but maybe you're not all that
classy but that doesn't mean that your
life needs to be difficult this right
here is their new WLS system Wireless
which makes a lot of sense because their
controller is now super simple I know
that you guys have spent so much time
with a whole bunch of wires getting
crammed into the back of your computer
case and all the UR
it's all just this now that that's all
that it is now you can just plug this
into the back of your case like you can
see right
here or you can just connect it to your
motherboard header with a little
internal doad and then you just stuff it
back here don't have to worry about any
wires how this system works is we have
our controller and it wirelessly
connects to this guy right here which
magnetically attaches to your fans now
all of the Power for your RGB and fans
is just delivered with the 12 VTS that's
supplied to your fans for power we don't
even have pwm signals on our fans here
cuz that is all done through software
although if you really want to control
your fan speed in the Motherboard BIOS
you can connect the controller to the
header right here since we only have 12
volts going into the fan the system is a
little bit complicated so inside every
single fan we have a 12vt to 5vt
converter and that's allows us to run
the RGB over just the fan power and all
of this works quite well but the thing
that's interesting is it doesn't
increase the price there is more
complexity but you don't have to worry
about any of that and because Le and Lee
is saving money on all of the connectors
and the wires and all of the pins for
all of those connectors that would be on
the controller the price is actually
exactly the same as the last generation
even though they do have to have
wireless controllers and receivers
throughout the whole thing another
benefit of this new system is that if
you want to have an LCD screen in your
fans in the past you would have to have
only LCD fans all Daisy chained together
for it to work properly but now you're
able to have non LCD fan LCD fan and
then not an LCD fan or any combination
of those should you so choose so you
don't have to just completely ball out
on three LCD fans and maybe you just get
one in the center like right here this
wireless system also works for strammer
cables and you can have up to eight
receivers connected at once and each
receiver can do up to four fans for a
total of 32 fans that's quite a few
enough about RGB though let's look at
another case that uh it does have RGB
but has a bunch of other cool things too
that uh okay we can't really see it cuz
the GPU is in away one sec this is the
landan cool 207 and what's really neat
about it is that the power supply has
been moved up to the front of the case
now what this allowed them to do is drop
some fans down in the bottom and move
them over closer to the motherboard so
they can blow air up into the GPU in a
way that's actually useful normally they
would just be blowing kind of past it
what this also allowed them to do is
drop the motherboard down below the top
of the power supply which allowed them
to make the whole case more compact than
usual this is a size of a case that
would normally be reserved for like a
matx build but they're able to get a
full ATX board in here and it's really
not that large here it is compared to
the 217 now if you do put a large GPU
into this they have a bracket right here
to hold it up or if you want to Mount
Your GPU vertically they just have a
very simple block they they just give
you this piece of rubber it's wicked the
most wickedest thing about the Lan cool
207 though is the price with 2 140 mm
fans that are RGB in the front two
inverted 120s down here it's 80 bucks
that's really quite good well maybe have
a little bit more money which is where
the 01 Vision compact comes in now in
the past the vision compact the thing
that was really fancy about it were the
three glass panels but maybe you don't
want three glass panels you can now
have mesh on the top as well if you so
choose for extra Cooling what also is
really cool about this is that they have
an absolutely massive grommet right here
that you can Chuck your entire aiio
cooler through so that you can hide the
tubes back through it and have a super
clean look now the vision compact will
come with the glass panel and the mesh
panel at just
$119 which is really quite good but
maybe you want to hide the tubes to your
AIO in a different way which is whether
a hydros shift AI comes in what they
have right here is a little channel for
the tubes so they can come along the
back side of the radiator and be almost
completely invisible in your system wow
look at those mirror fans too looks so
freaking nice now because the bend
radius here has to be super tight they
couldn't use normal tubes for an aiio
and these are instead squirrel tubes
that you would normally use in a server
so you can bend it really hard and the
internal diameter of the tube is going
to remain the same for nice
reliability speaking of reliable they
have this new connector for their 12vt
high power which uses soldered
connections down here instead of push
pins now what this allows is that if you
insert it a whole bunch of time with a
push pin connector it can over time move
and knock connect all the way and burn
your house down not very desirable but
by soldering all of the connections they
have done 50 insertions and seen no
increase in resistance using these guys
right here and they also have had a
similar connector system on their latest
streammer cables and have not had a
single RMA because of that failing also
we have a bunch of power supplies right
here 1300 W 1,000 watt all the way down
to 850 these ones are all platinums they
have these really cool connectors on the
side we have USB hub right here so you
can do one motherboard signal right
there to your USB goes out to four if
you have a whole bunch of RGB devices
they also have a couple of power
supplies over here 650 to 850 those are
all Golds and they are very very close
to turning off the power in here so we
are going to wrap up this video so huge
thanks for watching this video and huge
thanks to lean Lee for sponsoring it
check out everything that we have talked
about in the link down below and just
have a great old day see you later